Splitting up privatelink docs (#7087)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/secure/about-private-connectivity.md

---

> title: "About PrivateLink"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "About private connectivity"
```

id: about-private-connectivity
description: "Configuring private connections"
sidebar_label: "About private connectivity"
---

import SetUpPages from '/snippets/_available-tiers-private-connection.md';
import PrivateLinkHostnameWarning from '/snippets/_private-connection-hostname-restriction.md';
import CloudProviders from '/snippets/_private-connection-across-providers.md';
import PrivateConnectivityMatrix from '/snippets/_private-connectivity-matrix.md';

<SetUpPages features={'/snippets/_available-tiers-private-connection.md'}/>

> Private connections enables secure communication from any dbt Cloud environment to your data platform hosted on a cloud provider, such as [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/) or [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/private-link), using that provider’s private connection technology. Private connections allow dbt Cloud customers to meet security and compliance controls as it allows connectivity between dbt Cloud and your data platform without traversing the public internet. This feature is supported in most regions across NA, Europe, and Asia, but [contact us](https://www.getdbt.com/contact/) if you have questions about availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private connections enables secure communication from any dbt Cloud environment to your data platform hosted on a cloud provider, such as [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/) or [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/private-link), using that provider’s private connection technology. Private connections allow dbt Cloud customers to meet security and compliance controls as it allows connectivity between dbt Cloud and your data platform without traversing the public internet. This feature is supported in most regions across North America, Europe, and Asia, but [contact us](https://www.getdbt.com/contact/) if you have questions about availability.
```
